README.md: Clearly state which buckets to create beforehand as bootstrapping and which will be created by terraform (#1714)
HumanCellAtlas/data-store: README.md

1. If you wish to run the unit tests, you must create two more S3 buckets, one for test data and another for test
   fixtures, and set the environment variables `DSS_S3_BUCKET_TEST` and `DSS_S3_BUCKET_TEST_FIXTURES` to the names of
   those buckets.
   

> 1. Also make sure to create the terraform S3 state bucket defined by `DSS_TERRAFORM_BACKEND_BUCKET_TEMPLATE`, this is crucial for deploying data-store later on.

Reviewer: We prefer the phrasing "The environment variable `DSS_TERRAFORM_BACKEND_BUCKET_TEMPLATE` must point at an S3 bucket before executing `make infra`. If this bucket does not already exist, it must be created."

Author: ```suggestion
1. DSS_TERRAFORM_BACKEND_BUCKET_TEMPLATE must point at an S3 bucket before executing make infra. If this bucket does not already exist, it must be created.
```
